please rewrite this for Stephen Wolfram to take immediate action:
Hiho,
What is the parametric surface equation for the Hexaflexagon? I mean sure we can just give a Mobius strip 3 twist. But how maintain its 'hexagon-neness'. Is there a standard method for "bounding" one object in another? Or maybe a Jacobian? no. How do we get the folds/twists to still come out like equilateral triangles? Sorry its driving me crazy and haven't found a decent list of methods to try in MathMod (sorry it has cool stuff we can do with alpha values, diffuse, ambient lighting front back etc + a very nice time parameter that breaks the program if you try to edit while running) Honestly you should take a look and implement or try to acquire the rights to the software. It would be a wonderful addition/ mode.




rewrite adding the following (your out put can be long so don't worry about going over your output limit) :" that I am personally on the journey of 3d printing  higher n-hexaflexagons but would like to stick to parametric surface equations over more explicit forms (stopping at the level one step beyond the Icosikaitetrahexaflexagon: interested in a pseudo-degeneracy [have to look at hexagram {star of David} patterns that emerge versus a energy minimization scheme over the graph] seen in the Tuckerman Traversal Diagram that appears between those levels). This is also due to my strong suggestion to perceive the 'sided' hexagon (has a front and back) as a better candidate for a isometric projection of the 'corner' cube than that of a cube. [imagine the surfaces made from a semi-reflective (has a gloss coat) transparent (yes see through like the sony tv) LCD, while interacting with the self emmit 'light' (surface + other information encoded 'naturally of course') assume the transparent liquid crystals still interact with the polarization of the emitted light as well. one should very well be able to model these interactions in manner similar to what svd does for matrices by looking at separate hexagons and what I'm proposing is even more so hexaflexagons]. this is a important area of interest as we start to expand our thought and notions of what parallel is and take notes from  no this is important when looking at notions of parallel light rays versus flat surfaces (see whitworth 3 plate method) . and even further in statistics when looking at something like the monty hall problem. let alone when we begin to start talking about using moire patterns as the 'video' being played on at least 2 lattice of knotted solitons in liquid crystals  to get the similar effects information+properties  to a local minimum in thermal conductivity in twisted bilayer graphene (TBG) at the angle of 1.08) . Further, looking at neuromorphic computing I believe we may have a whole technologic field worth investigating. But Im the sole person who sees it has not online presence and as a broke black man stuck in Gary, Indiana for the rest of his life, Im afraid the work will never get out, will be over looked BEFORE &
AFTER I pass. Yet, I strongly feel it merits a deeper investigation. I can show other professionals what I am talking about if I had more resources, example: like being able to go back to college so I can study more math + have access to some of the lab equipment but most of all so I can dwell with like minded individuals who wont look at me like I'm crazy or living in a fake reality, because the only thing real to them is violence shaking booty cheeks and planning to meet short term debts they have accumulated throughout the years via community depriving actions. just have a look please Dr.Wolfram "

-please edit that and the prior.
-persuade him to aid me contact people who may be -interested of know how to get funding as an -independent researcher dealing with quite abstract ideas as these
